Add key-value-storage to the InterfaceInfo (#1421)
ros-controls/ros2_control: hardware_interface/doc/hardware_interface_types_userdoc.rst

a hardware component for a specific robot or device.
The following sections describe the different hardware interface types and their usage.

Overview
*****************************
Hardware in ros2_control is described as URDF and internally parsed and encapsulated as ``HardwareInfo``.
The definition can be found in the `ros2_control repository <https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_control/blob/master/hardware_interface/include/hardware_interface/hardware_info.hpp>`_.

> You can check this classes to see what attributes are available for each of the xml tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check this struct to see what attributes are available for each of the xml tags.
```

> You can check this classes to see what attributes are available for each of the xml tags.

Author: ```suggestion
You can check the structs defined there to see what attributes are available for each of the xml tags.
```

A generic example which shows the structure is provided below. More specific examples can be found in the Example part below.

.. code:: xml

    <ros2_control name="Name_of_the_hardware" type="system|sensor|actuator">
      <hardware>
        <plugin>library_name/ClassName</plugin>
        <!-- added to hardware_parameters -->
        <param name="example_param">value</param>
      </hardware>
      <joint|gpio|sensor name="name_of_the_component">
        <command_interface name="interface_name">

>           <!-- All of them are optional. Data_type and size are used for GPIOs. Size length of array. -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          <!-- All of them are optional. `data_type` and `size` are used for GPIOs. Size is length of an array. -->
```
